README.md, before:

[![tests](https://github.com/ur-whitelab/chemcrow-public/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ur-whitelab/chemcrow-public) [![DOI:10.1101/2020.07.15.204701](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.48550/arXiv.2304.05376.svg)](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2304.05376)




<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="./assets/chemcrow_dark_bold.png" width='100%'>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/chemcrow_light_bold.png" width='100%'>
  <img alt="ChemCrow logo" src="/assets/" width="100%">
</picture>


<br></br>


ChemCrow is an open source package for the accurate solution of reasoning-intensive chemical tasks.

Built with Langchain, it uses a collection of chemical tools including RDKit, paper-qa, as well as some relevant databases in chemistry, like Pubchem and chem-space.


## 👩‍💻 Installation

```
pip install chemcrow
```

## 🔥 Usage
First set up your API keys in your environment. 
```
export OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
export SERP_API_KEY=your-serpapi-api-key
```

In a Python session:
```python
from chemcrow.agents import ChemTools, ChemCrow

chemtools = ChemTools()
chem_model = ChemCrow(
    chemtools.all_tools,
    model="gpt-4",
    temp=0.1,
)


# Define your task
task = (
    "Find 3 structural analogs of caffeine "
    "and describe what functional groups they have in common."
)

chem_model.run(task)
```

Commit message:

Simplified Usage & Unpinned (#2)
* Linted, added verbose mode, and refactored a bit

* Bumped version

* Bumped paperqa version

* Reduced iterations on agent user test

* Fixed missing imports

* Fixed agent question

* Updated README

README.md, after:

[![tests](https://github.com/ur-whitelab/chemcrow-public/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ur-whitelab/chemcrow-public) [![DOI:10.1101/2020.07.15.204701](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.48550/arXiv.2304.05376.svg)](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2304.05376)




<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="./assets/chemcrow_dark_bold.png" width='100%'>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/chemcrow_light_bold.png" width='100%'>
  <img alt="ChemCrow logo" src="/assets/" width="100%">
</picture>


<br></br>


ChemCrow is an open source package for the accurate solution of reasoning-intensive chemical tasks.

Built with Langchain, it uses a collection of chemical tools including RDKit, paper-qa, as well as some relevant databases in chemistry, like Pubchem and chem-space.


## 👩‍💻 Installation

```
pip install chemcrow
```

## 🔥 Usage
First set up your API keys in your environment.
```
export OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
```

You can optionally use Serp API:

```
export SERP_API_KEY=your-serpapi-api-key
```

In a Python session:
```python
from chemcrow.agents import ChemCrow

chem_model = ChemCrow(
    chemtools.all_tools,
    model="gpt-4",
    temp=0.1,
    verbose=True # to get typewriter look
)


# Define your task
task = (
    "Find 3 structural analogs of caffeine "
    "and describe what functional groups they have in common."
)

chem_model.run(task)
```
